docs(aar): add instructions to use instance profiles with AAR (#37)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: howto/aar/deploy.md

Replace `aar0` in the policy with the name of your bucket.

> There are two ways to configure the bucket access for AAR using the policy create above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to configure the bucket access for AAR using the policy create earlier:
```

> 1. Create an IAM user and an access key for this user, which the AAR will use. See the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html) for more details on this. Assign the policy created above to this user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an IAM user and an access key for this user, which the AAR will use. See the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html) for more details on this. Assign the policy created earlier to this user.
```

> 2. Create an instance profile using the IAM policy created above and attach the instance profile to the instance where AAR is deployed. See the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_use_switch-role-ec2_instance-profiles.html) for more details on this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an instance profile using the IAM policy created earlier and attach the instance profile to the instance where AAR is deployed. For more information, see the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_use_switch-role-ec2_instance-profiles.html).
```
